Add use-case diagrams and update the documentations (#20)
wso2/integration-studio-examples: migration/mule/hello-world/README.md

![HelloWorld](../resources/images/hello-world/hello-world.png?raw=true "HelloWorld")
6. The **HelloWorld.xml** is the graphical view of the simple hello world service.
7. Run the sample by right click on the **HelloWorldCompositeApplication** under the main **hello-world** project and selecting **Export Project Artifacts and Run**.
8. Open HTTP Client in Integration Studio. Follow [HTTP Client Guidelines](../../../docs/common/adding-http-client-to-integration-studio.md)
to open HTTP Client if the window is not visible in the interface.
9. Make a GET request to `http://localhost:8290/helloworld`.

### How it Works
The Hello World example consists of one simple [Synapse API](https://ei.docs.wso2.com/en/latest/micro-integrator/develop/creating-artifacts/creating-an-api/). This Synapse API accepts an HTTP request, sets a static payload on the message, then returns a response to the end user.

As the name suggests, the [Payload Factory](https://ei.docs.wso2.com/en/latest/micro-integrator/references/mediators/payloadFactory-Mediator/) sets a value in the message payload. In this example, the value utilizes a WSO2 expression to set a static string on the payload. 

> After opening the Integration project, there are two projects under the hello-world main project. First project (named as "HelloWorld") is the WSO2 Integration Project where all the integration use-case related files are stored. Second one is the "HelloWorldCompositeApplication", which is used as the Packaging and exporting artifact to the server runtime. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After opening the Integration project, there are two projects under the hello-world main project. First project (named as "HelloWorld") is the WSO2 Integration Project where all the integration use-case related files are stored. The second project is the "HelloWorldCompositeApplication", which is used as the packaging and can export the artifact to the server runtime. 
```

Is this the right meaning here?

Author: Yes. This is fixed.
